Add ACL for measurement (#532)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/permissions-settings/manage-the-interface-and-actions-accesses.md

| List Currency     | User can see all (active and inactive) currencies listed under `Settings`/`Currencies`            |
| Toggle currencies | User can activate/deactivate currencies using the toggle button on the right side of the grid |

## Permissions on measurements

| Permission name | Effect on the interface |
|---------------------------|--------------|

> | Create a measurement family    | User can create a new measurement family with the `Create` button in the `Settings`/`Measurements` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Create a measurement family    | User can create a new measurement family with the `Create` button under `Settings`/`Measurements` |
```
not sure about the format (I'm reviewing PR on Github directly)

> | Delete a measurement family with its units| User can delete a measurement family with its units with the `Delete measurement family` button in the `...` dropdown on the top of the measurement family form|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Delete a measurement family with its units| User can delete a measurement family with its units using the `Delete measurement family` button visible under the `...` dropdown at the top of the measurement family form|
```
at instead of on??

> | Edit properties of a measurement family| User can edit the label translations of a measurement family in the `Properties` tab |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Edit properties of a measurement family| User can edit the label translations of a measurement family under the `Properties` tab |
```

> | List measurements|  User can see and access all measurement families listed under the `Settings`/`Measurements` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| List measurements|  User can see and access all measurement families listed under `Settings`/`Measurements` |
```

| Add a unit to a measurement family| User can add a unit to a measurement family with the `Add unit` button |
| Delete a unit in a measurement family| User can delete a unit in a measurement family with the `Delete unit` button |

> | Edit units of a measurement family| User can edit the units of a measurement family in the `Units` tab |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Edit units of a measurement family| User can edit the units of a measurement family under the `Units` tab |
```
